Allow keyboard navigation of single select combobox (#1619)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug fixes**

> - Fixes keyboard navigation of `EuiComboBox` items in single selection mode ([#1619](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/1619))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed keyboard navigation and UI of `EuiComboBox` items in single selection mode ([#1619](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/1619))
```
